\section{Analysis}
This section will entail the training and testing phase of both methods. The two 
algorithm has to applied to three different digit recognition problems, they 
being 
\begin{itemize}
\item	Data from a single person
\item	Data from all persons with a training set that includes data from all 
persons.r
\item Data from all persons where the training set does not include data from 
the persons in the test set.
\end{itemize}

\subsection{Test with Data from single person}
\label{sec::test_with_data_from_single_person}

The first training were conducted with every single persons training set. The 
training using kNN consisted of k = 5,with a 10 - fold cross validation. k = 5 
was chosen, as it was previously shown (see other sections...\todo[inline]{make 
section 
stating this}) to provide the highest accuracy on the other dataset. \\

The training using SVM were performed using a polynomial kernel, with a degree 
of 2, scale of 0.1   and cost of 0.5 with a 10 fold cross validation as well. 
The polynomial kernel was chosen due to prior experiments with other kernel, and 
had a higher degree of freedom would provide a better accuracy.\\ 
\todo[inline]{maybe a bit fluffy idk?}

 
A
10-fold cross validation uses 1 fold for testing and the rest for training 
purposes it thereby provides an average of the accuracies on how well a trained 
classifier, trained using the persons own data is capable of detecting himself.  
This information provides some insight on how consistent the persons writing is. 
An inconsistent writing style will cause lower mean accuaracy compared to a 
consistent style. \\

 Each accuracy is given an error bar stating the standard deviation of the 
dataset. The standard deviation of the mean accuracy is found by adding the 
internal standard deviation and the external standard deviation. The internal 
standard deviation is a vector of all individual standard deviation acquired 
from the 10-fold cross validation, an the external consist of the variance 
between the accuracies acquired  from the 10-fold cross validation. 
 
 The result of this test can be seen here...
 
 \missingfigure{The great plot! single person test kNN/svm - Kiddi sucks at 
writing plot :(}

\subsection{Test with data from all persons with a training set that includes 
data from all}


 

\subsection{Test with Data from all persons where the training set does not 
include data from 
the persons in the test set}





